The Joe Rogan experience.
But um,
that thing in the Congo Mans,
it's apparently in a very difficult spot to reach.
It's very dangerous to go through there.
And you know,
when Justin wren goes through there,
he has some hair raising stories about being held up at gunpoint.
You know,
people thought they were gonna they were gonna kill somebody.
And Yeah,
a lot of the people,
a lot of the,
apparently a lot of the sort of,
uh,
soldiers and people that committed atrocities from the,
the uh,
war in Rwanda.
What kind of waiting there bands kind of moved into the Congo and lived in them
in,
you know,
in the jungle and who knows who Justin is a lot of crime.
Justin wren is a saint.
Yeah.
Cause he takes wells.
He's a legitimate sane.
Yeah.
Really is great guy.
He's gotten malaria three times.
God visiting the Congo and building wells.
Unbelievable.
Amazing.
Yeah,
he told us some amazing stories.
Heartbreaking.
It's amazing.
The cash app,
um,
which is one of my sponsors also sponsors fight for the forgotten to give people
the $5 every time someone signs up and uses the code.
Joe Rogan and they've built a,
they're building wells right now because of that.
Really?
Yeah.
They,
they,
who is the latest number?
I forget what the number was.
They sent me an updated,
like very early on there were,
they had built two wells and then they built a bunch more and provided water to
a shit ton of people down there.
I don't know the exact statistics moonwalking with Einstein.
Uh,
Dallas is he,
it's a book about memory and stuff.
Really Smart Guy.
He lived with the pygmies in the Congo for a long time.
Ah,
but that's what Justin rent's due on its own and said that they smoke copious
amounts of weed and they still tribes that they live with.
Is that the book?
Yeah.
Josh.
Joshua far for interesting.
What a name if we are for,
yeah.
And I said,
I never seen,
what is it,
you know,
these are people that truly have been almost untouched by Western civilization
and he's like,
well no,
I mean they die of stupid things.
Like,
you know,
you get an infection,
and you just,
you know,
you don't have antibiotics.
Well.
So a lot of bacteria and parasites and stuff to get stomach parasites from
water,
skin diseases and weird things like that.
Yeah.
The jungle is not,
even if you have evolved to live in it,
it's not a very,
I spent enough time in the Indonesian rainforest.
I've never seen bugs like that in my life.
I've never seen anything like it.
It's so loud.
It sounds like it.
Take the loudest street in Manhattan and I'm not kidding.
That's how loud the insects and birds and everything are,
and then you have to carry out the bug.
Spray does not work.
Never tell you this.
The bug spray.
You've got to carry a sulfur coil.
Yeah.
Good luck with the mosquitoes bugs where they laugh at your fucking,
at your bug spray.
You've got to carry it.
You have to burn a sulfur coil and just carry it.
Hold it.
That's correcting certain times when you wake up and they just,
they're all over the place that you were doing this.
God,
I was 21 did they,
did they have thermal cells back then?
I don't think so.
Yeah.
Third,
myself a shit.
If you ever use the Thermostat,
what is that?
Oh my God,
they're fucking game changer.
Really?
Yeah.
It's um,
it's a device that has like a heating coil in it and some fuel and you ignite it
and the,
the heating coil,
it heats up and you put this little pad across the screen and this little pad
has this stuff in it.
The mosquitoes hate.
It's probably terrible for you.
Yeah.
Some fucking chemical.
But the chemical wafs up in the air and I'm telling you,
it creates like a 10 foot bubble around.
You were no mosquitoes get it right.
Yeah.
And eat,
look,
even if it's a little bad for you,
maybe it's like smoking a pack of cigarettes better than gas fed on.
Yeah.
I'm not using it every day.
I wouldn't recommend using it every day.
But if it's different between like enjoying like if you're in a place like
Alaska.
Yeah,
exactly.
What about Edmonton up there?
What can you get?
Same thing came back with like,
oh the jacket.
The pockets.
Cause they'll fuck you up.
Those mosquitoes,
man.
Yeah.
They,
they're so aggressive because they only alive for like three months,
you know,
it's so cold up there and nature could give a fuck about you introvert.
I love people that are into nature and they like,
listen man,
they don't even know what nature is.
They try to go to exactly.
Go try to raise crops in South Africa.
Went animals when elephants were all everywhere and lions and leopards and now,
yeah.
Even now if these poor villagers that they,
they're poor and they build these crops and they have this farm and they,
they,
they have all this food for their village and then elephant's Roman 20.
Allison's go,
hey man,
that's a wrap.
Yeah,
you're not going to go.
You can get the fuck outta here.
They're like,
stomp on you.
They,
I mean,
and then people get mad when people shoot the elephants.
It's like,
okay,
I get it,
but I don't know what you want here.
Like they have a lot of stories about elephants have this mistaken in South
Africa.
There was,
this guy was a farmer and uh,
he had a donkey and it was tied up and the elephants came into his property and
he shot guns and got him the hell away from there.
And then,
uh,
the next day the elephants came back and stomped his fucking donkey into mush.
Whoa.
Just stomped.
The donkey was on,
uh,
you know,
rope and they were like really gang,
gang,
gang.
And then of course,
the other,
the neighboring farm and the elephants came,
she,
she laid out a bunch of food for them and the eye and they spared her,
her crops.
There are all these elephants have this mystique,
which is all,
by the way,
maybe the biggest day holds in the world element.
They hate everybody.
But there were so nice,
I was in Thailand,
I was used as a tie off,
sir.
The different African elephants.
You're not,
you're not taming an African elephant.
Could look most of the elephants.
You see?
What does this,
Jamie,
okay.
Jimmy's watching like this little buffalo.
What's up?
Oh my God.
Yeah.
Elephant came over and rolled it all.
I don't give a fuck about you.
Essentially he's trying to stab him.
He is.
Oh,
he does?
He's killing it.
He's killing a baby.
That's,
that's probably a full ground buffalo.
That's just a giant elephant.
Well,
she's fucking up this buffalo.
They're so dangerous.
Look it up.
Yeah.
Elephants stabs and kills Buffalo.
Look at Jesus Christ.
Well that's why they have tusks.
Yeah,
there it is.
Yeah.
It's really crazy when lions take a chance.
Wow.
Doesn't the other video,
I didn't pull those three elephants killing a lion den elephant.
Just lazy as Shit.
They just killed crazy.
What's crazy is lions will take a chance on elephants,
which is just so nuts.
They,
they will take a chance to try to kill an alpha.
They'll jump on their back.
They'll try to jack them.
Well,
when you go to a game reserve in South Africa,
you can't,
it has to be big enough to sustain lines cause it's super expensive cause
they're just a pride of lions will eat everything.
So you got to keep replenishing the animals because they just,
they're just too effective.
Well,
you know,
after that dentists shot Cecil the lion,
it became this international outrage.
Yeah.
They um,
band the lion hunting and because of that,
people didn't want to go back and they weren't getting the money from it.
So they wound up euthanizing like 200 lions because they're undulate population
was getting devastated.
But what made me think when I heard that I was like,
how many lions are they killing?
Like how many people are going over there to hunt lions?
It brings him good money.
I mean weird.
Is that a huge part of South Africa as you know that like part of the
conservation efforts or that you know,
big game you can fall,
you can hunt the big five or whatever they call it.
Yes,
that's exactly the call,
but it's,
but it needs a lot of money.
It is a lot of money and it brings them a lot of money and it brings them a lot
of money for conservation and all that stuff.
But what a weird activity.
Is there an activity that's more human in that like,
oh we are so conflicted and so weird that the only way we have animals that stay
alive in this part of the world,
like where they're on record populations is to set it up so you can kill them.
Yeah.
So like,
like we figured out some weird loophole,
look,
we don't want the rhino to die.
Hey,
we don't want the ride or die either.
So let's go let a bunch of them and we kill like one a week.
Come on.
Yeah.
And if they could get enough rhinos where they could make a case for that,
they would be doing that.
I mean,
they're doing it with lions are doing it with everything cause L's.
I mean all the different animals that you think of plains animals in Africa,
there are record numbers there.
Neil Guy,
they bring him back to Texas.
They're all over Texas.
You know,
there's so many animals there and a lot of those animals were on the verge of
extinction.
But they're there because people kill them.
Like what up?
Fuck it.
He has weird drum.
It's weird.
Really the bigger issue is,
is um,
unbroken migratory range habitat that Masai Mara is one of the few places where
they can roam for thousands of miles.
But most of Africa now is broken up into,
I think there's that area in Cameroon or whatever,
but most of Africa is broken up into,
I mean,
in South Africa it's all basically with the exception of Kruger park,
it's all abandoned.
Um,
you know,
cattle lots and then they just,
there's money in it.
So you buy that lot and you just stock over the animals and then you drive
around.
They,
it's a sustainable ecosystem,
but it's,
yeah,
you gotta yeah,
you gotta you still,
you do have to call the Ra,
the,
you know,
elephant population and lion population.
When we think about Africa,
right?
When we say,
oh,
elephants are going extinct in Africa,
like Africa is so big,
it's crazy.
It's so big.
You've seen the map where this stuff,
all the countries inside of Africa,
that was so shocking to me.
I know,
I couldn't believe that.
So there could be an abundance of them in one area.
And then in another area,
it's like saying like they have a black bear problem in New Jersey,
which they do.
Okay.
Do that.
Yeah,
they do,
but that doesn't affect us here.
Yeah.
In California.
Like if people just start shooting blackberries,
you're like,
hey man,
there's not that many of those.
Why are you shooting him?
Okay.